OCELOT

misc  5-lege    2.0M        0  L001                 ocelot pet                               4 hours ago
misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 ocelot pet                               an hour ago
misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 ocelot pet                               an hour ago
misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 ocelot pet                               an hour ago
misc  5-lege    2.1M        0  L001                 ocelot pet                               in a day

misc  5-lege   22.0M        0  L100                 ocelot pet                               7 hours ago
misc  5-lege   11.0M        0  L100                 ocelot pet                               in 2 hours
misc  5-lege   14.5M        0  L100                 ocelot pet                               in 15 hours
misc  5-lege   12.4M        0  L100                 ocelot pet                               in 18 hours
misc  5-lege   11.0M        0  L100                 ocelot pet                               in a day
misc  5-lege   14.0M        0  L100                 ocelot pet                               in 2 days
misc  5-lege   16.7M        0  L100                 ocelot pet                               in 12 days
misc  5-lege   14.0M        0  L100                 ocelot pet                               in 13 days
misc  5-lege   12.0M        0  L100                 ocelot pet                               in 13 days

misc  5-lege   18.0M        0  L001                 monkey pet                               6 hours ago
misc  5-lege   20.0M        0  L001                 monkey pet                               5 hours ago
misc  5-lege   19.0M        0  L001                 monkey pet                               3 hours ago

MONKEY

misc  5-lege   38.0M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               11 hours ago
misc  5-lege   41.4M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               6 hours ago
misc  5-lege   34.0M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               in 12 hours
misc  5-lege   40.0M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               in 16 hours
misc  5-lege   39.5M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               in a day
misc  5-lege   37.0M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               in a day
misc  5-lege   36.9M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               in a day
misc  5-lege   34.4M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               in a day
misc  5-lege   41.6M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               in 12 days
misc  5-lege   41.6M        0  L100                 monkey pet                               in 12 days
misc  5-lege   41.0M        0  L100                 monkey ✦ pet                             in a day
misc  5-lege   47.8M        0  L100                 monkey ✦ pet                             in 7 days
misc  5-lege   63.9M        0  L100                 monkey ✦ pet                             in 12 days
misc  5-lege   54.9M        0  L100                 monkey ✦ pet                             in 12 days
misc  5-lege   48.0M        0  L100                 monkey ✦ pet                             in 12 days
misc  5-lege   45.0M        0  L100                 monkey ✦ pet                             in 13 days

WITHER SKELETON

misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      11 hours ago
misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      11 hours ago
misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      11 hours ago
misc  5-lege    3.2M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      6 hours ago
misc  5-lege    3.2M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      34 minutes ago
misc  5-lege    1.8M     1.8M  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in 2 hours
misc  5-lege    3.2M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in 4 hours
misc  5-lege    3.1M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege    500K     500K  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege    3.0M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege    3.7M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in 11 days
misc  5-lege    3.5M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in 12 days
misc  5-lege    3.5M        0  L001                 wither skeleton pet                      in 12 days

misc  5-lege    8.8M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      10 hours ago
misc  5-lege    7.9M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      9 hours ago
misc  5-lege   10.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      9 hours ago
misc  5-lege   12.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      3 hours ago
misc  5-lege   14.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 6 hours
misc  5-lege   10.9M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 16 hours
misc  5-lege   14.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 18 hours
misc  5-lege   10.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 19 hours
misc  5-lege    9.5M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 20 hours
misc  5-lege    8.8M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege    9.3M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege    9.3M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege   11.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in a day
misc  5-lege   11.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 2 days
misc  5-lege   13.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 2 days
misc  5-lege   14.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 6 days
misc  5-lege   10.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 7 days
misc  5-lege   13.9M        0  L100                 wither skeleton pet                      in 13 days
misc  5-lege   44.4M        0  L100                 wither skeleton ✦ pet                    in 14 hours
misc  5-lege   39.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton ✦ pet                    in 2 days
misc  5-lege   50.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton ✦ pet                    in 8 days
misc  5-lege   48.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton ✦ pet                    in 12 days
misc  5-lege   47.6M        0  L100                 wither skeleton ✦ pet                    in 12 days
misc  5-lege   38.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton ✦ pet                    in 12 days
misc  5-lege   44.0M        0  L100                 wither skeleton ✦ pet                    in 13 days

GRIFFIN

misc  5-lege   60.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in 44 minutes
misc  5-lege   79.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   55.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   55.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   53.5M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   64.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   55.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   52.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   50.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   54.5M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   54.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   51.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   49.9M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   49.9M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   49.9M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   50.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in a day
misc  5-lege   56.6M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in 5 days
misc  5-lege   55.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in 13 days
misc  5-lege   50.0M        0  L100                 griffin pet                              in 13 days
